Viewing a difference beetwen two versions helps to solve the problem in a time efficient way. 
I can concentrate only on the differences while the rest of the file is taken out of my sight.
It makes debugging less frustrating and helps to succeed - finalize the project.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

I can work faster
I can work on different versions and compare different solutions on any stage
I can have access to whole history of my work, form every place in the world, everytime
I can easily collaborate with others


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manual saving

Pros:
- you decide when the project is saved - you save only what should be saved

Cons:
- there may be a problem with the device you are working on or the electricity can go down - and you cannot save plus your work may not be saved although you managed to do a lot


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

it depends from the purpose of the system - if its made for working on one file - like Google Docs - it works only on one at a time.

Git is made for programmers so it is prepared to support their work the best way possible and it's capable of working on many files at a time.

H
ow can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
I dont understand this questions... I just did it :(


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
I can always go back to previous - working version. It makes me more willing to experiment :)


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I do not feel good in Git yet as there were maaany problems with the previous exercise which I handled manually... 
So tryiny is not an option while I cannot open Sublime for example...